I'm in a brand new project created with the Selye and the only thing I did thus far as I cleaned up
the app component removed as property we had there and cleaned up the app component h team l file all
the rest is still the same.
I didn't change anything else.
So the first thing I want to do and you can of course recreate this project by simply running Engy New
any project name you like and then cleaning it up like I did the first thing I want to do is I want
to add the bootstrap C S S framework so that we have some siestas classes we can work with to give to
some nice styling because in this app I really want to focus on angular and not on the styling.
So of course we can and would strip with NPM inciters project folder in a terminal I type NPM install
then dash dash save as it will be a production dependency bootstrap and this will automatically install
the latest version of bootstrap in this project.
Now once it is finished we get bootstrap installed.
Now we also need to inform the Selye that bootstrap should be included in our final bundle it creates
for us because of course the Seelye bundles all our script files and style files and by default it would
not include bootstrap so to inform the Selye we should go to the DOT angler's Selye Jason File and here
in styles and this styles array we can add any global stylesheets we want to add to our whole project.
Now it already has the style Staci's s file which is a file where you can find styles for the whole
project.
Hearable simply add the path to our bootstrap styles.
Now we can have a look where the app is stored in a node modules folder which manages all our dependencies.
If we have a look at the bootstrap folder there the disk folder sounds about right for distribution.
There we have a C S S folder.
And here the bootstrap that C S S file is probably what we need so we can quickly import this year by
adding a path to that.
And now the important things we need to go up one level first because you don't have to use Cetus Pavol
relative from the C IJA some file here.
So there's conflict fibrin in but you have to see relative from your index aged Alpha.
And that is in the source folder.
So it's nested one folder deep into your app you could say.
So here we target node modules and then we can target the bootstrap folder.
And now again just to make this really clear where this is coming from in the bootstrap folder we can
target stressed CSSA So let's do this just C S S and your bootstrap Dotsie SS Just like that.
To be precise it would even be better to target the many file words which is a file or is lying in that
folder.
So let's add Dodman between bootstrap and Dotsie SS So this will already give us the Minu fide code
which is of course smaller.
Now with that this should be added and now we can run Engy serve to get our Selye to built this project
for the first time and serve it at localhost four thousand two hundred as we did before in this course.
And that is our running application.
Now we don't see very much here of course because our app component HDMI file is completely empty.
We can quickly check if bootstrap starts were added successfully by adding a day for the class container
and the shortcut I'm using here is a plugin called Emett which allows me to just type dot claas name
and hit tab to autocomplete it.
It's available for many ideas so simply Google Voice plus your IDE your editor and chances are you will
find it.
And then in there I want to nest a row.
And now let's say simply to get started as a Culham for medium sized devices which spans the full width
for now.
And I simply want to output in age 2 tab.
I'm working.
So if there's if we save that it should recompile and that we're seeing I'm working.
This looks like bootstrap is working to you we can see those on the font size.
And also if we inspect as you're in the Stouts all these styles are added on.
There are coming from Bootstrap.
So this is working.
And with that we get our application set up.
Now let's get started creating all the components we require.